May 14, 2011
  Version 0.1.6 (alpha) released.
  Many build system improvements.

April 25, 2011
  Version 0.1.5 (alpha) released.
  The Job API is finalize with using UUIDs for jobs_remove() and the addition
  of the jobs() request.

April 15, 2011
  Version 0.1.4 (alpha) released.
  The release includes many changes to make the 0.1.x source code robust.
  The Job API now exists with a JSON-RPC interface over HTTP
  (in version 0.0.10 this was the API).  The Job API facilitates dynamic
  configuration of all CloudI functionality.

February 23, 2011
  Version 0.1.0 (alpha) rewrite is now available and
  many changes occurred between the CloudI version 0.0.10 and version 0.1.0.
  The changes are summarized below:
  
  * CloudI is now a naturally master-less distributed system
    (i.e., requires no special configuration or redundancy)
  * messaging can occur between services (i.e., jobs) which
    may exist on other CloudI nodes
  * all service (i.e., job) names rely on strings rather than dynamic atoms,
    lookups use the trie data structure for efficiency close to the performance
    of the process dictionary (the fastest Erlang data structure)
  * cnodes are no longer used for external service (i.e., job) communication,
    instead sockets are used for each thread (either UDP or TCP can be used)
  * external services (i.e., jobs) are no longer implemented in dynamic
    libraries but are instead implemented in executables.  this change makes
    running various VMs or interpreters easy and avoids dynamic library link
    dependency problems with various version dependencies
    (i.e., helps support Java, Python, etc.)
  * HTTP can be used to call services, but JSON-RPC is not supported like it
    was in 0.0.10 (support for JSON-RPC will be added again soon)
  * a normal autotools/rebar build system is used that doesn't attempt to
    install critical dependencies locally (it just requires that they exist)
  * restarting stopped (e.g., SIGSTOP) OS processes is not implemented in
    0.1.0 (but may be added back, as necessary)

March 26, 2010
  "CloudI: A Cloud as an Interface (EXPANDED)"
  Presentation at the Erlang Factory, San Francisco Bay Area, California, USA
  Version 0.0.9 (alpha)

November 12, 2009
  "CloudI: A Cloud as an Interface"
  Presentation at the Erlang User Conference, Stockholm, Sweden
  Version 0.0.8 (alpha)

